Hey everyone.
My name is Dustin Schultz,
and welcome to the next module on my course on Spring Boot Actuator.
In this module,
we'll cover a wide array of topics centered around security and customizations.
We'll start off with understanding how to enable, disable, and expose endpoints.
Then we'll cover a short section on the difference
between enabling and exposing endpoints.
It's a very common mistake to confuse the two when first
learning about Spring Boot Actuator.
Once we got that out of the way, we'll dive into securing your endpoints.
This is very important section since many of the actuator
endpoints contain sensitive information.
After that, we'll learn how to customize some of the built-in endpoints.
So for example,
we'll add our own custom health check to the health endpoint and
we'll finish out the module with a section on implementing our own custom actuators from scratch.